Write fair estimator was another uber you know five minute challenge.
So I say that it's just to give you an idea of what's expected for some of these online challenges and
probably what would be expected if you're doing a white board interview and around of time it would
take to solve some of these if you're not there don't worry about it but just keep it as a frame of
reference of how to how to grind and continue to grow.
So with that being said as mayor we have a cost per minute a right time a cost per mile and ride distances
being passed in to our our function here fair estimator.
And what we're expecting to reach get return is essentially the fare for each part of the application.
So you can see this algorithm here.
You know you're probably going to want to read over it a little bit just fully understand the problem
and just study this a little bit.
At the end of the day this is just a math algorithm to make sure that you can think logically and break
things out.
And the only the only method that I use was push.
Let's jump into it.
All right so the way I saw this was I created this concept here called fair cost and this is going to
be a number array you such an unmoderated to initialize.
Then from here what we did is I iterated for up to the cost per mile length array for an entire iteration
you could it didn't cost per minute is well it doesn't really matter.
So we're going to iterate through that array
and then we're going to say whoops Well I's less than the cost per mile dot length.
So we know how many iterations we need and where to iterate by walk.
Now all we need to do here is push the cost for that current mile.
So that's what we're doing here we're calculating that cost of the and here we want to return our fair
costs.
So they gave us the algorithm it is the right time.
Times cost per minute for that time.
And let's go ahead.
Spaces out like so.
And this needs to be done push.
All right.
Plus the ride distance
times the cost per mile.
And that's how we end up getting our fair share.
We throw one on here you'll see that this is all accurate now.
We could probably if we wanted to clean this up we would do like math or floor on some of these.
We can do it why not.
Let's go ahead and just wrap it back a little bit smaller.
And
area.
And we can go ahead and put it like I'll do it for you.
How do you do math floor for it.
So not going to
after remember how to do math.
Floor down here.
You do the math around math floor to figure out how to get the decimal places on there.
But that wasn't part of the problem really at the end of the day it's just thick and you multiply this
don't worry about the rounding errors.
Numbers are always weird in javascript numbers.
I have a very special place in javascript and it's one of the reasons people write books called Javascript
the strange parts.
But that's pretty much it.
Let's go out and jump on to the next one.